{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 keywords\
\
search term: boston dui lawyer\
\
result 1\
site: http://www.attorneychan.com/\
description: OUI, DUI, drunk driving and criminal defense - Free consultation - Call 617-556-8220 - Attorney Jason Chan is an experienced DUI defense lawyer\
notes: look at the amount of links in the content, and notably the footer. \
\
result 2\
site: http://www.massduidefenselawyer.com/\
description: Free Consultation - Benjamin P. Urbelis, Esq. - Massachusetts DUI Lawyer - Boston OUI Attorney - Suffolk County Criminal Lawyer\
notes: shit ton of links in the 'practice areas' column\
\
result 3\
site: http://keavenylaw.com/dui.html\
description: not found\'85? \
notes: interestingly this didn't even go directly to a homepage but rather an internal page. better looking site than the first two but white type on a dark background can be tough on the eyes. however, better aesthetic than the others. not a lot of links, perhaps an easy barrier to entry for top 3 in google results? \
\
search term: metrowest ma dui lawyer\
\
result 1\
site: http://www.stephendawley.com/\
description: Experienced help for criminal defense. Call attorney Stephen E. Dawley, P.C., in Framingham, Massachusetts, today at 508-283-3095.\
notes: handful of links in content, strong keywords in 'overview' section on the left. footer contains town names, a definite for our design\
\
result 2\
site: http://www.leonelawoffices.com/\
description: Framingham Divorce Lawyers | Criminal Defense | Employment Law | Litigation and Trial Lawyers\
notes: this is actually Joe's lawyer when he got a DUI in high school. Nice design to the site, well organized content, no link spamming and good use of imagery\
\
search term: metrowest ma criminal lawyer\
top 2 results were the same 2 as with DUI\
\
keywords seen on the homepages of the preceding pages:\
criminal defense\
drunk driving\
dui\
blood test\
breathalyzer\
sobriety test\
drug possession\
assault & battery\
probation\
civil litigation\
felonies\
guns\
drugs\
sex crimes\
fraud\
breaking and entering\
criminal harassment\
disorderly conduct\
drunk driving\
embezzelment\
failure to appear...\
\
}